More illustrative example for checkpointing (#3469)
CliMA/Oceananigans.jl: docs/src/model_setup/checkpointing.md

# [Checkpointing](@id checkpointing)

A [`Checkpointer`](@ref) can be used to serialize the entire model state to a file from which the model
can be restored at any time. This is useful if you'd like to periodically checkpoint when running
long simulations in case of crashes or hitting cluster time limits, but also if you'd like to restore
from a checkpoint and try out multiple scenarios.

For example, to periodically checkpoint the model state to disk every 1,000,000 seconds of simulation
time to files of the form `model_checkpoint_iteration12500.jld2` where `12500` is the iteration
number (automatically filled in).

> Here's an example where we checkpoint every 5 iterations. This is _way_ too often, we only do it here for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here's an example where we checkpoint every 5 iterations. This is far more often that one wants for a typical application: we only do it here for
```

Reviewer: probably good to more specific here
